docs(*): cleanup and rewrite for v5 (#88)
pnpm/pnpm.github.io: docs/cli/run.md

Aliases: `run-script`

> Runs a script defined in the package's metadata.

Reviewer: Metadata might be confusing because it is how the bundle of all the package manifests is called as well. Probably better to say "package's manifest"
```suggestion
Runs a script defined in the package's manifest (`package.json`).
```

Completely disregard concurrency and topological sorting, running a given script
immediately in all matching packages with prefixed streaming output. This is the
preferred flag for long-running processes over many packages, for instance, a

> lengthy build process.

Reviewer: no, I don't think that a build process is a good example. This feature was added for watch tasks because they never stop. It is better to keep some concurrency for build tasks, otherwise, the system can potentially crash.

Author: Build processes are almost always run in parallel. Albeit usually with some degree of constraint, they are. Monorepositories for instance. Sapphire has over 35 packages and builds them all in parallel because, well, could you imagine if they didn't? 

The example isn't the important part. What it demonstrates is.
